chore: split @Entity -> @EntityKey and @EntityType (#1216)
lightbend/kalix-jvm-sdk: docs/src/modules/spring/pages/event-sourced-entities.adoc

include::example$spring-eventsourced-shopping-cart/src/main/java/com/example/shoppingcart/ShoppingCartEntity.java[tag=class]
----
<1> Create a class that extends `EventSourcedEntity<S>`, where `S` is the state type this entity will store (i.e. `ShoppingCart`).

> <2> Make sure to annotate such class with `@EntityKey`  and pass name of the path param that will be used as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Annotate such class with `@EntityKey`  and pass the name of the key that will be used as the
```

Reviewer: I would change other occurrences of `Make sure` to the use of the plain verb. Of course, just a suggestion.
